Improve spammed account detection (#8370)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`8334` Importing addresses from MetaMask should work when multiple browser wallets are installed.
* :bug:`-` rotki will now properly run background tasks when logging out and logging in again.
* :bug:`-` rotki will now detect new tokens right after finishing decoding new events.

> * :bug:`-` The detection of accounts in new blockchains has been improved to avoid false positives when the account has been only spammed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` The detection of account activity in new evm chains has been improved to avoid false positives when the account has been only sent spam tokens.
```
